xUnit.net v3 Microsoft.Testing.Platform v1 Runner v3.2.2+728c1dce01 (64-bit .NET 10.0.11)

Unknown option '--failSkips'
Unknown option '--noColor'
Unknown option '--class'
Unknown option '--class'
Unknown option '--trx'
Usage McpServer.Client.Tests.exe [option providers] [extension option providers]

Execute a .NET Test Application.

Options:
    --config-file
        Specifies a testconfig.json file.

    --debug
        Allows to pause execution in order to attach to the process for debug purposes.

    --diagnostic
        Enable the diagnostic logging. The default log level is 'Trace'.
        The file will be written in the output directory with the name log_[yyMMddHHmmssfff].diag

    --diagnostic-filelogger-synchronouswrite
        Force the built-in file logger to write the log synchronously.
        Useful for scenario where you don't want to lose any log (i.e. in case of crash).
        Note that this is slowing down the test execution.

    --diagnostic-output-directory
        Output directory of the diagnostic logging.
        If not specified the file will be generated inside the default 'TestResults' directory.

    --diagnostic-output-fileprefix
        Prefix for the log file name that will replace '[log]_.'

    --diagnostic-verbosity
        Define the level of the verbosity for the --diagnostic.
        The available values are 'Trace', 'Debug', 'Information', 'Warning', 'Error', and 'Critical'.

    --exit-on-process-exit
        Exit the test process if dependent process exits. PID must be provided.

    --filter-uid
        Provides a list of test node UIDs to filter by.

    --help
        Show the command line help.

    --ignore-exit-code
        Do not report non successful exit value for specific exit codes
        (e.g. '--ignore-exit-code 8;9' ignore exit code 8 and 9 and will return 0 in these case)

    --info
        Display .NET test application information.

    --list-tests
        List available tests.

    --minimum-expected-tests
        Specifies the minimum number of tests that are expected to run.

    --results-directory
        The directory where the test results are going to be placed.
        If the specified directory doesn't exist, it's created.
        The default is TestResults in the directory that contains the test application.

    --timeout
        A global test execution timeout.
        Takes one argument as string in the format <value>[h|m|s] where 'value' is float.


Extension options:
    --assert-equivalent-max-depth
        Set the maximum recursive depth when comparing objects with Assert.Equivalent. Default value is 50.
            (integer) - maximum depth to compare; exceeding this fails the assertion

    --auto-reporters
        Change whether reporters can be auto-enabled.
            on  - allow reporters to be auto-enabled by the environment [default]
            off - do not allow reporters to be auto-enabled by the environment

    --culture
        Run tests under the given culture.
            default   - run with the default operating system culture [default]
            invariant - run with the invariant culture
            (string)  - run with the given culture (i.e., 'en-US')

    --explicit
        Change the way explicit tests are handled.
            on   - run both explicit and non-explicit tests
            off  - run only non-explicit tests [default]
            only - run only explicit tests

    --fail-skips
        Change the way skipped tests are handled.
            on  - treat skipped tests as failed
            off - treat skipped tests as skipped [default]

    --fail-warns
        Change the way passing tests with warnings are handled.
            on  - treat passing tests with warnings as failed
            off - treat passing tests with warnings as passed [default]

    --filter-class
        Run all methods in a given test class. Pass one or more fully qualified type names (i.e.,
        'MyNamespace.MyClass' or 'MyNamespace.MyClass+InnerClass'). Wildcard '*' is supported at
        the beginning and/or end of each filter.
            Note: Specifying more than one is an OR operation.
                  This is categorized as a simple filter. You cannot use both simple filters and query filters.

    --filter-method
        Run a given test method. Pass one or more fully qualified method names (i.e.,
        'MyNamespace.MyClass.MyTestMethod'). Wildcard '*' is supported at the beginning and/or end
        of each filter.
            Note: Specifying more than one is an OR operation.
                  This is categorized as a simple filter. You cannot use both simple filters and query filters.

    --filter-namespace
        Run all methods in the given namespace. Pass one or more namespaces (i.e., 'MyNamespace' or
        'MyNamespace.MySubNamespace'). Wildcard '*' is supported at the beginning and/or end of
        each filter.
            Note: Specifying more than one is an OR operation.
                  This is categorized as a simple filter. You cannot use both simple filters and query filters.

    --filter-not-class
        Do not run any methods in the given test class. Pass one or more fully qualified type names
        (i.e., 'MyNamespace.MyClass', or 'MyNamespace.MyClass+InnerClass'). Wildcard '*' is supported at
        the beginning and/or end of each filter.
            Note: Specifying more than one is an AND operation.
                  This is categorized as a simple filter. You cannot use both simple filters and query filters.

    --filter-not-method
        Do not run a given test method. Pass one or more fully qualified method names (i.e.,
        'MyNamespace.MyClass.MyTestMethod'). Wildcard '*' is supported at the beginning and/or end
        of each filter.
            Note: Specifying more than one is an AND operation.
                  This is categorized as a simple filter. You cannot use both simple filters and query filters.

    --filter-not-namespace
        Do not run any methods in the given namespace. Pass one or more namespaces (i.e., 'MyNamespace'
        or 'MyNamespace.MySubNamespace'). Wildcard '*' is supported at the beginning and/or end of
        each filter.
            Note: Specifying more than one is an AND operation.
                  This is categorized as a simple filter. You cannot use both simple filters and query filters.

    --filter-not-trait
        Do not run any methods with a given trait value. Pass one or more name/value pairs (i.e.,
        'name=value'). Wildcard '*' is supported at the beginning and/or end of the trait name
        and/or value.
            Note: Specifying more than one is an AND operation.
                  This is categorized as a simple filter. You cannot use both simple filters and query filters.

    --filter-query
        Filter based on the filter query language. Pass one or more filter queries (in the
        '/assemblyName/namespace/type/method[trait=value]' format. For more information, see
        https://xunit.net/docs/query-filter-language
            Note: Specifying more than one is an OR operation.
                  This is categorized as a query filter. You cannot use both query filters and simple filters.

    --filter-trait
        Run all methods with a given trait value. Pass one or more name/value pairs (i.e.,
        'name=value'). Wildcard '*' is supported at the beginning and/or end of the trait name
        and/or value.
            Note: Specifying more than one is an OR operation.
                  This is categorized as a simple filter. You cannot use both simple filters and query filters.

    --long-running
        Enable long running (hung) test detection.
            (integer) - number of seconds a test runs to be considered 'long running'

    --max-threads
        Set maximum thread count for collection parallelization.
            default   - run with default (1 thread per CPU thread)
            unlimited - run with unbounded thread count
            (integer) - use exactly this many threads (e.g., '2' = 2 threads)
            (float)x  - use a multiple of CPU threads (e.g., '2.0x' = 2.0 * the number of CPU threads)

    --method-display
        Set default test display name.
            classAndMethod - use a fully qualified name [default]
            method         - use just the method name

    --method-display-options
        Alters the default test display name.
            none - apply no alterations [default]
            all  - apply all alterations
            Or one or more of:
                replacePeriodWithComma     - replace periods in names with commas
                replaceUnderscoreWithSpace - replace underscores in names with spaces
                useOperatorMonikers        - replace operator names with operators
                                                 'lt' becomes '<'
                                                 'le' becomes '<='
                                                 'eq' becomes '='
                                                 'ne' becomes '!='
                                                 'gt' becomes '>'
                                                 'ge' becomes '>='
                useEscapeSequences         - replace ASCII and Unicode escape sequences
                                                 X + 2 hex digits (i.e., 'X2C' becomes ',')
                                                 U + 4 hex digits (i.e., 'U0192' becomes 'ƒ')

    --no-ansi
        Disable outputting ANSI escape characters to screen.

    --no-progress
        Disable reporting progress to screen.

    --output
        Output verbosity when reporting tests.
        Valid values are 'Normal', 'Detailed'. Default is 'Normal'.

    --parallel
        Change test parallelization.
            none        - turn off parallelization
            collections - parallelize by collections [default]

    --parallel-algorithm
        Change the parallelization algorithm.
            conservative - start the minimum number of tests [default]
            aggressive   - start as many tests as possible

    --pre-enumerate-theories
        Change theory pre-enumeration during discovery.
            on  - turns on theory pre-enumeration [default]
            off - turns off theory pre-enumeration

    --print-max-enumerable-length
        Set the maximum number of values to show when printing a collection. Default value is 5.
            0         - always print the full collection
            (integer) - maximum values to print, followed by an ellipsis

    --print-max-object-depth
        Set the maximum recursive depth when printing object values. Default value is 3.
            0         - print objects at all depths
            (integer) - maximum depth to print, followed by an ellipsis
        Warning: Setting '0' or a very large value can cause stack overflows that may crash the test process

    --print-max-object-member-count
        Set the maximum number of fields and properties to show when printing an object. Default value is 5.
            0         - always print the full collection
            (integer) - maximum members to print, followed by an ellipsis

    --print-max-string-length
        Set the maximum length when printing a string. Default value is 50.
            0         - always print the full collection
            (integer) - maximum string length to print, followed by an ellipsis

    --report-ctrf
        Enable generating CTRF (JSON) report

    --report-ctrf-filename
        The name of the generated CTRF report

    --report-junit
        Enable generating JUnit (XML) report

    --report-junit-filename
        The name of the generated JUnit report

    --report-nunit
        Enable generating NUnit (v2.5 XML) report

    --report-nunit-filename
        The name of the generated NUnit report

    --report-xunit
        Enable generating xUnit.net (v2+ XML) report

    --report-xunit-filename
        The name of the generated xUnit.net report

    --report-xunit-html
        Enable generating xUnit.net HTML report

    --report-xunit-html-filename
        The name of the generated xUnit.net HTML report

    --report-xunit-trx
        Enable generating xUnit.net TRX report

    --report-xunit-trx-filename
        The name of the generated xUnit.net TRX report

    --seed
        Set the randomization seed.
            (integer) - use this as the randomization seed

    --show-live-output
        Determine whether to show test output (from ITestOutputHelper) live during test execution.
            on  - turn on live reporting of test output
            off - turn off live reporting of test output [default]

    --stop-on-fail
        Stop running tests after the first test failure.
            on  - stop running tests after the first test failure
            off - run all tests regardless of failures [default]

    --xunit-config-filename
        Sets the configuration file. By default, this is 'xunit.runner.json' in the bin directory
        alongside the compiled output.

    --xunit-diagnostics
        Determine whether to show diagnostic messages.
            on  - display diagnostic messages
            off - hide diagnostic messages [default]

    --xunit-info
        Show xUnit.net headers and information

    --xunit-internal-diagnostics
        Determine whether to show internal diagnostic messages.
            on  - display internal diagnostic messages
            off - hide internal diagnostic messages [default]
